Is it delicious?
Is it more comfortable to be quiet?
I feel better than before.
That's good mom
Dad said he wouldn't leave with us
Does he not like the piano?
Dad, do you mean there will be a baby?
How come?
We Qingqing are so cute
There won't be anyone who doesn't like it.
Besides, maybe it's because he's too busy.
So I didn't have time to grow up with Qingqing
But Qingqing has a mother too
Mr. Hou, this is the paternity test report.
Anyway.
Can't let Huo Zeyuan know
Qin Yan is his child
This is the reward
Ok, I know.
I'm really going out
Would believe Ji Yanxi again and again
If sunny day is not my biological child
Wasn't Ji Yanxi before my car accident?
Just with another man